Q1.  What is the difference between Internal Storage & External Storage ?
Ans- Internal Storage:-
     Internal Storage is storage that is not be directly accessible by the user, except via installed applications.
     By default, files saved to the internal storage are private to your application and other applications cannot access them.

     External Storage:-
     A removable storage media is called External Storage. For example- SD cards
     
     External Storage has two types:-
     1.Primary External Storage: It is a in built shared storage which can accessed on PC by connecting your phone to PC via USB cable
       and selecting PTP in the USB options notification.
     
     2.Secondary External Storage: This type of storage can be accessed on PC by connecting your phone to PC via USB cable and selecting 
       File transfer in the USB options notification.


Q2.  For how long the data resides in the cache?
Ans. Typically files will stay in the cache until space runs out . Data is stored on your devices in a reserved space, 
     so the next time when you are visiting the app or website, information is already available.
     Android’s smartphone cache is barely enough to hold 15 pages together.


Q3.  What are the Critical Permissions and Normal Permissions? What are the examples of each?
Ans. Normal permissions:-
     Normal permissions are which indicates that there is no great risk to the user's privacy or security in letting apps have those permissions. 
     For example, users would reasonably want to know whether an app can read their contact information, so users have to grant this permission explicitly in the
     android menifest. 
     
     Some of the normal permissions in android:- 
     EXPAND_STATUS_BAR
     GET_PACKAGE_SIZE
     INSTALL_SHORTCUT
     INTERNET
     KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES


     Critical Permissions:-
     When requesting for critical permissions, we use a warm welcome screen to help understand a permission is requested. For example, for critical permissions
     such as a camera app that needs camera permission, ask up-front for it. 
     Secondary features can be requested later in context, such as a geotagging app when asking for a location permission. 
     

    
